Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you.
And now, as you all know, I'm going to offer the involvement of the White Tara.
And before I begin, the involvement of the ceremony, and I'm going to give pre-introduction.
Introduction is a part of the ceremony and part of the lineage teachings,
so that even though you already know that I'm going to give the White Tara empowerment there,
but it's, again, as a lineage instruction, to strengthen our understanding, knowledge as much as we
can,
so that we can absorb teaching, empowerment, and a blessing within our heart-statement with joy,
with devotions.
For that reason, I will bring it, again, into darkness.
The first of all, again, it is the involvement.
The involvement of this teaching comes from, again, of course, by Buddha Shaptamani,
who came about 600 years ago in India, and Buddha was totally enlightened beings.
That means, what means enlightened beings?
In Buddhism, enlightened beings, one who is free from all the obscuration and negative emotions,
such as ignorance, attachment, anger, jealous, heady thought, self-important greed,
and vileness, peace, and thoughts, totally, totally removed, totally free.
Buddha's, his thought, his mind, his realization, wisdom is utterly love, kindness, compassion,
and wisdom combined, together, with peace and joy for all living beings.
We don't have any discrimination.
Love, kindness, compassion, respect, and appreciation to every living being.
Even Buddha, we know as Buddha, is totally enlightened.
He is the super of super beings, in a way, among the old human beings,
because his realization is understanding, but yet, he is so humble, so respectful,
so appreciative to everyone, everyone.
This is what the teaching is.
That is what the practice of realization is, kindness, compassion, respect, and appreciation.
So this great teacher gave or shared so many teachings,
as we are ready to connect to ourselves, to the teaching, so that we become as enlightened.
That also means, Buddha taught in the teaching, that every living being is equal, include himself.
He said, we are all equal, because we all have the same nature, same potential,
same quality, is only the matter of the "vetted up" or not "vetted up".
That is the difference. Otherwise, everyone is the same, same.
So for that reason, in order to wake up ourselves, Buddha gave so many instructions
and teachings, that we can, according, we can connect today.
In the context of love, compassion, worship, respect, and appreciation,
and joy for men, happy men, and respected men, that we can explore
and become ourselves as one of the same as Buddha himself.
So he gave many teachings.
All those teachings are summarized according to the new mass schools of the great Buddhism,
in the nine yanas, or nine different categories.
Among these teachings, there are seven, eight, and nine teachings.
Those teachings are known as in the new mass schools of the great Buddhism,
Mahayoga, Anayoga, and Athayoga, and many of you know and read books,
and see the teachings practiced in that.
So those are according nine yana level, nine different categories.
This is the seven, eight, and nine teachings.
So this teaching, what you're going to receive is taught by the Buddha Shakyam.
That is Buddha's.
When Buddha Shakyam will give these teachings, again, going back to his story, how that started,
Buddha gave many different, as I said, categories of teachings,
as individuals and ladies.
And therefore, there are many different teachings.
And this seven, eight, nine, particularly these categories of teachings,
Buddha did not get open to public in that time to the Indian audience,
because they are not needy.
But they selected a group, and as well as numerous beings,
in a Buddha's teaching, we call it celebrity beings.
Now, we're ready to resist these teachings.
Buddha expounded these teachings.
Last these three teachings, to all those normal beings,
those in the way of ourself, what we call invisible beings.
But they are not just, not beings, there's many beings.
That even though our consciousness, I cannot detect it immediately.
But there is beings in the Buddha's teaching.
So many beings.
So Buddha gave these teachings on those levels.
And then, April Buddha's Mahabharata in the Rana, which means Buddha passed away in 881,
or 80 passed away.
April is Mahabharata in Rana, or past 81, and maybe 300 years.
And over that time, these teachings become very popular in India.
And particularly in the teachings, April is 27 years after the Buddha's Mahabharata in Rana,
or the passed away, these teachings started coming to this world.
They're ready to resist, practice it, and explore this, engage in these teachings.
But however, it is very kind of like, very selective and personal kind of, in a way,
very small amount of the practitioners.
But even through a 300 years opera, teaching becomes very popular.
And then more populars.
Particularly such as a great master, a great master of Mahasambhava,
who came 8 years after the Buddha's Shakyamuni,
and then started expounding, hearing this, particularly this teaching,
that had three last teachings of Nayayana, seven, eight, and nine teachings.
It started really giving, as well as many great other masters.
We want to be known as Mahasadas.
Mahasadas, Sanskrit word, which means accomplished masters.
One who accomplished everything.
That means one who complicated all the goals.
What, why we don't accomplish the goals, our goal, our will?
Because there's so many hindrance, so many obstacles.
The fundamental obstacle is a negative emotion,
as we discussed in this morning, negative emotions.
Such as ignorance. What is negative emotions?
Now, but you know, few of them, maybe you don't hear that.
They all know immediately.
But this negative emotion is the fundamental, is the ignorance.
Then attachment, then anger, then jealous, then hated thought.
They are the Lakan, the chief cabinet ministers for our ego clings.
Ego clings is a big boss,
staying in the center of the dominion and surrounded
by these chief six or five cabinet ministers.
And a different day, an appropriate day.
And that is fundamental obstacles.
A hindrance to our not fulfilling our goals.
Our goals.
That's why the great master, his only Dalai Lama said,
often he said, when you have the compassion,
when you have the compassion, thinking of all beings,
you fulfill your goals.
When you're thinking of others with compassion,
love and kindness, thoughts.
That your goal will be a complicated worry.
Naturally, you don't implement big effort
because of compassion, powerful compassion.
That's what it tells.
The Buddha shocked the money.
The one who shared his love and kindness and compassion
thought for all living beings and then for the goal.
And similar, this master does, highly accomplished masters.
Complete the goal because they're utterly,
completely rich of the love and kindness and compassion.
Thinking of all living beings.
Therefore, they vanished, they defeated this,
the principle fundamental hindrance of our not achieving the goals.
All the negative emotions transcendent within the state of love,
compassion, wisdom, status.
This is what called this Mahasadas.
They shared these teachings continually
along with the European Masterbook.
So that's how this Buddha's teaching begins.
And among those teachings,
then there are many different teachings, particularly.
And there are teachings about male Buddhas,
female Buddhas, as well as Rādha Buddhas,
priest Buddhas, same Rādha Buddha teachings.
Buddhas give many different teachings.
These Buddhas, what the Buddha shocked
him when he gave the teachings on those different Buddhas,
is not just the historian of the past.
It's not the mythology of the past.
But these Buddhas, according to Buddha Shakyamuni,
according to Mahasadas of those who are in the complicated,
they are living Buddhas.
These great Master Mahasadas, they contracted,
communicated with these great Masters.
Where? In the different locations of the universe.
This is our goal.
We think this is the only one, a long one.
That is, according to Buddha's teaching
and great Master's teaching,
that is just very narrowly minded corners.
We are looking only in the hole of the needle,
the needle's hole, and that is what we see.
When you look through the needle hole,
eye of the needle, sorry, eye of the needle,
what your vision will be.
What our vision will be.
Our vision will be the eye of the needle.
That is not what we are looking now.
We are looking through the eye of the needle.
We are listening through the eye of the needle.
Every hour senses like that shrink.
Because ego is clinging, this is the old emote.
We are trapped as a cocoon.
We don't penetrate, explore beauty in the panoramic view
of the 360-duty angles.
We don't. Definitely, we don't.
We don't.
And therefore, these living according to Buddha Shakyamuni
and all these great Masters,
these Buddhas are the living Buddha.
Right now, right now.
And they are also representing and re-representing
our definite energies,
our definite realization state of the mind,
which is hiding behind the midst of these old obscurations,
negative emotions.
We conduct with these Buddhas as mirror images,
or mirrors, mirrors.
And it will refine our beauty, our goal.
Goal. Goal.
So that we can all achieve what our really true beings
and true magic it is.
And there are also Buddhas in Shakyamuni
give many different teachings on these Buddhas.
They like this.
Among those Buddhas,
and this today's teaching is then,
as you all know, is white Dara.
Dara is according to the phenomena of the relative level.
Dara is considered as a human Buddha,
living human Buddhas.
Dara has so many different emanations.
That means so many different displays,
according to the radial of the resilience,
according to the radiance of the individuals.
So many different emanations.
Those different levels of the emanations in the Buddha's teaching
known as Dharmakaya Buddhas,
Sambokaya Buddhas, Nirmakaya Buddhas.
So many emanations.
Dharmakaya Buddha is absolute Buddhas,
absolute Buddha beyond the conception.
So that means beyond the grasping,
beyond the ego cling,
beyond the like attachment,
beyond the clinging.
This Buddha can be perceived.
When we finish, when we vanish at our clinging,
our grasping, our duality mind,
we can clearly vision and see
this impossible Buddha of the Dara,
the Dharmakaya Buddhas.
That is the one, the Nirmakaya Buddhas.
In order to behold this here nature,
here nature simply meditates.
Now what have we done?
How are we going to behold that nature of Dharmakaya Buddhas?
Simply meditating, relaxing in a Vibhachana state,
all Jyotji states, all the Mahamadir state,
relaxing that status,
all the Pandyapara state, meditating, relaxing.
That is what we are going to see,
glimpse of her nature, her beauties.
This Buddha, Dharmakaya Buddha,
is also known as the Dara Buddha,
now known as Mother of the Old Buddhas.
Buddhism says those who want to reach enlightenment,
contract with the Mother of the Pandyapara Mother.
She is known as Mother of the Pandyapara Mother of the Absolute Dara.
And all the past Buddhas who reach enlightenment
become awakened, fully one,
they contract and they absorb,
they explore Mother of the Pandyapara Mother.
Those who want to reach enlightenment,
walking for the path, they should engage and explore
the Mother of the Pandyapara Mother or Mother of the Absolute Dara.
Those who want to reach enlightenment in the future
or going to reach enlightenment in the future,
they also should do the same thing.
This is the Mother of the Old Enlightenment,
not just selected groups.
According to Buddhism, as many of you know,
there are also many categories of the Realizations.
Those are known as the Sharvaka Yana,
Ahata and the Patea Buddhas, Bodhisattva,
and the Bodhisaktamuni of Buddhas.
All these Realization beings,
everyone become Ahata, Patea Buddha, Bodhisattva,
Holy Buddha because contracting
and exploring the beauty of the Mother of the Pandyapara Mother,
Absolute Dara.
That is what the power is.
Therefore, this state is known as the Mother of the Absolute Dara,
the Darnakaya Dara,
which is pervasive, totally beyond the conception,
and yet it is the source of everything.
It is the source of love, source of compassion,
source of wisdom, source of understanding,
source of skill, meaning everything is arising from that nature
without any discriminations,
without any ideologies.
That is the one known as the Rich of the Mother,
Absolute Mother Dara, the Darmakaya Dara.
From that, that nature arises energy more,
actually arises energy.
That energy of love, energy of compassion,
energy of the wisdom is known as then the Mother,
Sambokaya Dara.
Sambokaya Dara are most absolutely in the Buddha's teaching.
They, those Dara, such as like Vaidyavaras,
Vaidyavaras, Vaidyoginis,
and as well as the Five Dayana Buddhas,
and so called Five Pimal Dayana Buddhas,
so called all are known as Sambokaya Buddhas.
It sounds to me, what means Sambokaya Dara?
Totally enjoyment of the body.
The component of the total enjoyment.
Something that component of the total enjoyment.
There is nothing, anything that needs to be disregarded.
It is abundance of the rich, abundance of the luxurious,
abundance of the all the goodness.
That is that richness, that God is known as that,
that embodiment, that component, that is known as Gaya.
Gaya is a sense of old and can be translated as bodhi.
Bodhi or as translated, I am translated component, I think.
Component, I am translated, is collected.
All collect, so many things, richness are collected.
Together, even there is nothing to be seen in different borders,
all beautiful, harmonizedly rich in a way,
coming out that glorious.
That is the Sambokaya.
What are those? Those are compassion.
The infinite compassion, infinite love,
infinite wisdom, infinite intelligence,
infinite wisdom as I have listed this morning.
The five, those wisdom.
All those are, and those are also not just one,
singly, narrowly, kind of like individually,
connected these and that, five and things.
Each can be all of them, too.
It's not just as kind of translated, but as we duality mind,
this is, that's called beauty of the flexible and freedom.
Nature is freedom, total freedom and total vastness.
It is openness, therefore dynamic display of the freedom,
politics, arising energy can be anything
within these beautiful states of the five.
Vastams and those I call beautiful,
call it love and compassion.
Vastams still means all of that.
That weakness is known as Sambokaya,
and those we did,
even as the figures, forms,
known as Varya Varayas, Varya Yogis,
five Dayana Buddhas or five female Dayana Buddhas,
so forth, in our conceptual level.
Those are named, those are.
They are here, they are not just came and gone.
They are known as the ongoing richness.
Therefore, Sambokaya called it five certainties.
Time is certain always because it went beyond three times.
It went beyond the past, it went beyond the present,
it went beyond the future.
It's beyond three times.
Love and that weakness is continued,
it's beyond the conceptions.
That is the richness, that all the time,
that what is in brewing with that.
With that activity came,
this Sambokaya energy component,
more activity to communicate,
engage with the duality of beings,
the beings with duality,
beings with emotions,
beings with ego cleanings.
When they appear, that component is known,
or that display is known as Nirmakaya Buddhas.
A Nirmakaya Buddha of the Tara is then,
there is so many Nirmakaya Buddhas,
such as, again, many different Ramakkati Buddhas
of the Nirmakaya Buddhas,
and such as, Tara helps out as a Nirmakaya Buddhas, Tara.
Tara.
And there is 21 emanations of Tara.
We have beautiful Tara's images here,
according to the lineage of the great master Jigme Lungpa.
This Tara is a sovereign vibe with 21 talents,
this old emanation,
and blessed by our great Kenji,
Parthishara Nirmokchis,
with his aspiration, with his blessings,
with his lineage,
put forward to these stages.
Stay right in front of me, please.
This is all also known as Nirmakaya Buddhas,
or the female Buddhas.
What Nirmakaya Buddhas is the same quality,
nothing changed,
but is more accessible,
more accessible to the beings of duality,
because we cannot perceive the Sahagupaya Buddhas.
And we cannot perceive immediately
the Nirmakaya Tara.
But Nirmakaya Tara is something that we can communicate,
we can receive, we can contact.
That's what's called Nirmakaya,
the playful, playful component.
That one is playful.
And to play, to our strength, to our ego, egos,
our negative emotions,
our duality, so that we can become as Tara herself.
This emanation of Tara,
then in the Tara, which is living Buddha Tara,
this Tara, 21 emanation of Tara is according to Buddha,
according to Guru Pramma Sambha,
according to all those great Masters.
From the time until now,
so many great Masters really proceed
and receive the teaching directly from Tara.
So this living Tara, this Nirmakaya Tara,
this Nirmakaya Tara, living Tara.
And then also Nirmakaya Tara,
emanation of Nirmakaya Buddha of Tara,
appeared also many times in his world,
as human points, really human points
within this, like, upper bodhisattva minutes.
In many times, the teaching said,
Nirmakaya Buddha if Tara is according to again teaching,
such as emanation of Nirmakaya Tara,
are Buddha's mother, Maya Devi's.
Maya Devi is emanation of the Mother Tara.
And also, during the Buddha time,
there is known as Gangathamas,
the Devi of Ganges.
And there is a subtle of that.
And that is also known as emanation of Tara's.
And then, there is, like I said,
yes, all those five great Western Dakinis
who are the principle,
the like, distributor,
and the one who separated the teachings of the Vayayana
through Gharapaya Masambhava,
from Gharapaya Masambhava,
those are the Mandaravas,
and the Kala Siddhi,
Shakta Devi, and Trasichini,
and finally, as Isheen Swaraj.
Those are all known as emanation of Tara's.
Other 21, some of those emanation,
of the different emanation of Tara's, Mother Tara's.
And later, around 11 centuries, or the 12th century,
greater Western Dakini famous one appeared in Tibet,
known as the Māti-glāki-dronma,
Māti-glāki-dronma.
Now, they emanation of Tara,
and then, more and more, there is one after another.
Occasionally, not many as very renowned appeared
as those great masters,
but so many great, really,
female teachers who are emanation of Tara, Isheen Swaraj,
appeared one after another.
So many, they all recognized,
and also even themselves said,
emanation of Tara, emanation of Isheen Swaraj,
emanation of the Māti-glāki-dronma.
Māti-glāki-dronma herself said,
she said clearly, very once,
that I was before as Maya Devi,
I was before as Gandhi Lamu,
I was before as Suka Sri, Suka Siddhi, or Suka Siddhi,
and I was before as a nugama,
or the sister of the Naropa, great master Naropa,
and I was later in Tibet, he said,
I was Isheen Swaraj, and now I am.
That's what she said.
So therefore, these emanations are renormal ones.
Then there are not just always a renormal one
as Māti-glāki-dronma or Isheen Swaraj.
There are also many, those are very low-key,
low-key emanations appeared,
who were helping, supporting, guiding,
and then to do all the beings,
but not necessarily big names.
There are so many female great beings, really came,
and kind of after they did great work,
and a great deed, and what they said,
and then in a way, they fulfilled their goal,
and then they kind of left their voltage.
There are also many of those beautiful stories,
those things.
So those are all the Dharmakāya Buddhas.
So today, among all that,
today we're connecting to the white Thar.
White Thar is then, again,
one of the emanations of the Thar.
Or, again, an emanation by the Buddhism teaching says,
there are two principles, emanation of Thar,
green Thar, white Thar,
and this is white Thar.
And also, the historian sometimes in the teaching said
that, "I will not get a short of it.
I want to help to free all the sentient beings,
sentient beings from the suffering,
and the difficulty, and the troubles."
And he did one time, two times, third time,
third time, and again, there's almost like kind of come back,
again, same amount as what he did before.
So we kind of thought, what I can do,
if it's so kind of in a way, in this regular way,
that he will be upset, and he fell down, fell down,
and it becomes kind of like, he becomes,
he breaks himself and becomes so many pieces,
so many pieces.
And Amitabha came, and don't worry,
and his son, don't worry, this is the samsara karma,
and the sentient beings are karma,
and your compassion, your love will continue to help,
and he put Amitabha put Throgada,
and Amitabha resided on the ground of the Avalokiteshvara.
Ever sense that?
And this is just one of the stories.
And then, Avalokiteshvara still came, the tears came.
Among those two tears, immediately appeared white Thar
and red green Thara, and said,
"We will help you to support and live with all the sentient beings."
So therefore, many times, also said in the teaching
that when we emanated from the tears of the Avalokiteshvara,
or Buddha of compassion.
So these are, I don't know what the story is,
but it is that white Thara is the Buddha of now,
living Buddha, and today, we are connected to that teacher.
So that is, but the white Thara is totally in light beings,
full of love, conviction, wisdom, in the body of that volunteers,
and free from all suffering and difficulty, trouble,
negativity, that is what white Thara is, really that.
And now, this Thara teaching, or the entire Buddha's teaching,
how that came,